# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile dev-requirements.in -o dev-requirements.txt --index-strategy unsafe-best-match --python-platform=linux
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.13.2
    # via mlflow
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.64.0
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
apscheduler==3.10.4
    # via -r requirements.in
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   streamlit
bottleneck==1.5.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   streamlit
catboost==1.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   flask
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   nltk
    #   streamlit
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   shap
comm==0.2.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
databricks-sdk==0.38.0
    # via mlflow-skinny
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
debugpy==1.8.16
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
deprecated==1.2.15
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
docker==6.1.3
    # via mlflow
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.115.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cloud-logging
    #   fastapi-versioning
    #   mlflow-skinny
fastapi-cloud-logging==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-versioning==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flask==2.3.3
    # via mlflow
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   streamlit
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.176.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.32.0
    # via
    #   databricks-sdk
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.111.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.4.4
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.3.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-bigquery==3.30.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-logging==3.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cloud-logging
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.4.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-resumable-media==2.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
graphene==3.4.3
    # via mlflow
graphql-core==3.2.5
    # via
    #   graphene
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==3.2.0
    # via graphene
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via catboost
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.64.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.48.2
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.9
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langchain-mistralai
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   opentelemetry-api
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.24.0
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   flask
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.3.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-anthropic==0.3.14
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.3.21
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.75
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-google-vertexai==2.0.24
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-huggingface==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-mistralai==0.2.10
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.18
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.9
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.4.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.1
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.6.4
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.3
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.45
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via numba
loguru==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.3.5
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   mlflow
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mlflow==3.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
mlflow-skinny==3.1.4
    # via mlflow
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==2.2.0
    # via altair
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numba==0.60.0
    # via shap
numexpr==2.11.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bottleneck
    #   catboost
    #   contourpy
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   shap
    #   shapely
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.4.5.8
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.1.0.70
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.2.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.5.147
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.6.1.9
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.3.1.170
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.2
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.21.5
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
openai==1.82.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
opentelemetry-api==1.28.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-sdk==1.28.2
    # via mlflow-skinny
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.49b2
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
orjson==3.11.3
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   docker
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
    #   shap
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   mlflow
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   streamlit
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.22.0
    # via catboost
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   mlflow
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via langchain-community
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via ipython
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pytest==8.2.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   graphene
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.17
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2023.4
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   transformers
pyzmq==27.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   databricks-sdk
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
ruff==0.4.7
    # via -r requirements.in
safetensors==0.4.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   shap
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   mlflow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   shap
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentence-transformers==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-huggingface
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shap==0.46.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==2.1.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   asttokens
    #   catboost
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-dateutil
slicer==0.0.8
    # via shap
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   mlflow
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via mlflow-skinny
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.41.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-versioning
streamlit==1.45.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.2.1
    # via pytest
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   streamlit
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   shap
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.49.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
triton==3.2.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   graphene
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   langchain-core
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.2
    # via apscheduler
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   docker
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow-skinny
validators==0.35.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via docker
websockets==14.2
    # via google-genai
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via deprecated
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
