# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
aiocache==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
asyncpg==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via uvicorn
coverage==7.6.0
    # via pytest-cov
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
fastapi==0.104.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cloud-logging
    #   fastapi-versioning
fastapi-cloud-logging==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-versioning==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
geoalchemy2==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==1.34.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.32.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.4.4
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.2.5
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-bigquery==3.25.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-logging==3.10.0
    # via fastapi-cloud-logging
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.12.4
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==2.14.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.7
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.64.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.48.2
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
libcst==1.4.0
    # via google-cloud-secret-manager
loguru==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mirakuru==2.5.2
    # via pytest-postgresql
numpy==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
port-for==0.7.2
    # via pytest-postgresql
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via mirakuru
psycopg==3.2.1
    # via pytest-postgresql
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pydantic-core==2.14.5
    # via pydantic
pytest==8.2.2
    # via
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-postgresql
pytest-asyncio==0.23.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-cov==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-postgresql==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via libcst
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
setuptools==70.3.0
    # via pytest-postgresql
shapely==1.8.5.post1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==2.0.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geoalchemy2
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
